So little you have to modify the appearance of your comments website.
The only three ways to change the appearance is using CCS using templates and hooks.
Also with have they customize their bags the most powerful ways of these.
See a system play tank works.
So maybe you want to change the perience of your website.
Maybe you want to change the decks or the font family maybe you want to reorder the elements on the
screen.
Maybe you want to either remove some data.
Maybe you can.
Maybe you want to bring in some extra information of the broke.
Maybe you want to add some extra fields from the check out or you want to live on it's lighted in the
home page.
Everything is possible in newcomer's.
So for example you will need CIRCE's if you want to change the size of your example the with or the
side of an element.
If you want to change colors maybe you want a smile transition or animation.
Maybe when I change the font different from me or the color or do you want to change the color of the
links.
Everything is going to be possible with the SS and this code should be added in the TSA TSS we have
templates also.
So for example the templates contain the issue Demir they contain some CSA and they contain OutServe
BHP.
If you want to add some extra markup you should read these files.
To modify these files you need to copy.
They will commence templates and when I show you how to do this in this course.
And finally will have the most powerful way.
You seem Cookes the most advanced and powerful they come into Faber's so years they the most advanced
and powerful way of everything.
I will commers website is using hooks and they come in to Faber's.
We have hooks for actions and we have hooks for filters.
So for example lets review actions actions grown on specific events.
So for example if the user base is the home page I want to bring in on his live there with special offers.
And in the other hand we have filters and filters modify an element should be display on the screen.
So for example the number of products but a column on this page.
Maybe you went at 3 4 or 5 but rather expect a column or more.
So we're going to modify or child team using these three ways in the next videos.
There are several examples that we're going to have and I'm going to show you some of the most popular
customisations that my clients ask for almost all the websites that I'm building for them.